README.md, before:

# Daniel Guo 👋  
**Computer Science w/ AI Specialization @ University of Waterloo**  

## 🔍 About Me  
- Strong interest in **AI/ML systems**, with hands-on experience in Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, Computer Vision, and MLOps
- Passionate about developing and using **open-source** tools
- Average nvim enjoyer

## 🌟 Open Source Contributions
**[RankLLM](https://github.com/castorini/rank_llm)** (Python toolkit for reproducible information retrieval research using rerankers):
- One of the top contributors to this toolkit
- Designed and implemented customizable prompt template feature, replacing hardcoded prompts and response analysis with dynamic configurations to improve extensibility and maintainability while ensuring backward compatibility
- Designed and implemented an optimized multi-tier caching system for first-stage retrieved results retrieval, combining local file caching, HuggingFace Hub fallback, and on-demand Pyserini retrieval to minimize redundant computations
- Developed other features such as few-shot examples injection, VLLM integration for multi-GPU support, and more
- Helped create unittests and perform regression tests to update regression scores
- Updated RankLLM implementation and usage in other popular repos such as LangChain, rerankers, and LlamaIndex

**[Anserini](https://github.com/castorini/anserini)** (Lucene toolkit for reproducible information retrieval research)
- Created documentation for various regression tests, as well as computing their scores
- Built indexes and uploaded them to HuggingFace datasets for easy retrieval

**[Pyserini](https://github.com/castorini/pyserini/)** (Python toolkit for reproducible information retrieval research with sparse and dense representations):
- Integrated the [M-BEIR](https://huggingface.co/datasets/TIGER-Lab/M-BEIR) dataset and [UniIR](https://github.com/TIGER-AI-Lab/UniIR) models into the pyserini pipeline for multimodal retrieval
- Added feature to perform sparse vector encoding with SPLADE models to the pipeline
- Created documentation for various regression tests, as well as computing their scores

## 📬 Let's Connect  
- **Email:** daniel168.guo@gmail.com
- **Resume:** [here](https://github.com/clides/clides/blob/main/DanielGuo_Resume.pdf)
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin/daniel-guo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-guo-656251272/)  
- **Open to:** ML/SWE internship and coop opportunities, research collaborations, and open-source contributions

Commit message:

Update README with UniIR-for-Pyserini and Anserini info
Added UniIR-for-Pyserini section and updated Anserini details.

README.md, after:

# Daniel Guo 👋  
**Computer Science w/ AI Specialization @ University of Waterloo**  

## 🔍 About Me  
- Strong interest in **AI/ML systems**, with hands-on experience in Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Information Retrieval, Computer Vision, and MLOps
- Passionate about developing and using **open-source** tools
- Average nvim enjoyer

## 🌟 Open Source Contributions
**[RankLLM](https://github.com/castorini/rank_llm)** (Python toolkit for reproducible information retrieval research using rerankers):
- One of the top contributors to this toolkit
- Designed and implemented customizable prompt template feature, replacing hardcoded prompts and response analysis with dynamic configurations to improve extensibility and maintainability while ensuring backward compatibility
- Designed and implemented an optimized multi-tier caching system for first-stage retrieved results retrieval, combining local file caching, HuggingFace Hub fallback, and on-demand Pyserini retrieval to minimize redundant computations
- Developed other features such as few-shot examples injection, VLLM integration for multi-GPU support, and more
- Helped create unittests and perform regression tests to update regression scores
- Updated RankLLM implementation and usage in other popular repos such as LangChain, rerankers, and LlamaIndex

**[Pyserini](https://github.com/castorini/pyserini/)** (Python toolkit for reproducible information retrieval research with sparse and dense representations):
- Integrated the [M-BEIR](https://huggingface.co/datasets/TIGER-Lab/M-BEIR) dataset and [UniIR](https://github.com/TIGER-AI-Lab/UniIR) models into the pyserini pipeline for multimodal retrieval
- Added feature to perform sparse vector encoding with SPLADE models to the pipeline
- Created documentation for various regression tests, as well as computing their scores

**[UniIR-for-Pyserini(https://github.com/clides/UniIR-for-Pyserini)** (Fork of the original UniIR repo for easy Pyserini integrations):
- Created and released PyPI package for uniir-for-pyserini, which is a fork of the original repo but modified for easy Pyserini integration

**[Anserini](https://github.com/castorini/anserini)** (Lucene toolkit for reproducible information retrieval research)
- Created documentation for various regression tests, as well as computing their scores
- Built indexes and uploaded them to HuggingFace datasets for easy retrieval

## 📬 Let's Connect  
- **Email:** daniel168.guo@gmail.com
- **Resume:** [here](https://github.com/clides/clides/blob/main/DanielGuo_Resume.pdf)
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin/daniel-guo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-guo-656251272/)  
- **Open to:** ML/SWE internship and coop opportunities, research collaborations, and open-source contributions
